<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>EPUB CSS Text Combine</title>
    <style>
      html {
        -epub-writing-mode:vertical-rl;
        writing-mode:vertical-rl;
      }
      .epub-text-combine-horizontal-none {
        -epub-text-combine-horizontal: none;
      }
      .epub-text-combine-horizontal-all {
        -epub-text-combine-horizontal: all;
      }
      .epub-text-combine-none {
        -epub-text-combine: none;
      }
      .epub-text-combine-horizontal {
        -epub-text-combine: horizontal;
      }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>-epub-text-combine-horizontal Tests</h1>

    <p>Instructions: All conditions of this test book must pass for the feature to pass. If any test fails, mark this section as a fail in the implementation report.</p>

    <p>1. This test passes if the text next paragraph renders vertically with each digit appearing individually.</p>

    <p style="margin: 1em;">これはテストです<span class="epub-text-combine-horizontal-none">101112</span>。</p>
    
    <p>2. This test passes if the text below next paragraph vertically with pairs of digits appearing in the space of a single character.</p>

    <p style="margin: 1em;">これはテストです<span class="epub-text-combine-horizontal-all">10</span><span class="epub-text-combine-horizontal-all">11</span><span class="epub-text-combine-horizontal-all">12</span>。</p>
    
    <p>3. This test passes if the text next paragraph renders vertically with each digit appearing individually.</p>

    <p style="margin: 1em;">これはテストです<span class="epub-text-combine-none">101112</span>。</p>

    <p>4. This test passes if the text next paragraph renders vertically with pairs of digits appearing in the space of a single character.</p>

    <p style="margin: 1em;">これはテストです<span class="epub-text-combine-horizontal">10</span><span class="epub-text-combine-horizontal">11</span><span class="epub-text-combine-horizontal">12</span>。</p>

  </body>
</html>
