<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>EPUB CSS Line Break</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>-epub-line-break Tests</h1>

    <p>1. This test passes if the following block of text adjusts line breaks to fit across the viewport, even when viewport or font size changes.</p>

    <p style="margin: 1em; -epub-line-break: auto;">There was no possibility of taking a walk that day. We had been wandering, indeed, in the leafless shrubbery an hour in the morning; but since dinner (Mrs. Reed, when there was no company, dined early) the cold winter wind had brought with it clouds so sombre, and a rain so penetrating, that further outdoor exercise was now out of the question.</p>

    <p>2. This test passes if the following block of text adjusts line breaks to fit across the viewport, even when viewport or font size changes.</p>

    <p style="margin: 1em; -epub-line-break: loose;">I was glad of it: I never liked long walks, especially on chilly afternoons: dreadful to me was the coming home in the raw twilight, with nipped fingers and toes, and a heart saddened by the chidings of Bessie, the nurse, and humbled by the consciousness of my physical inferiority to Eliza, John, and Georgiana Reed.</p>

    <p>3. This test passes if the following block of text adjusts line breaks to fit across the viewport, even when viewport or font size changes.</p>

    <p style="margin: 1em; -epub-line-break: normal;">The said Eliza, John, and Georgiana were now clustered round their mama in the drawing-room: she lay reclined on a sofa by the fireside, and with her darlings about her (for the time neither quarrelling nor crying) looked perfectly happy. Me, she had dispensed from joining the group; saying, “She regretted to be under the necessity of keeping me at a distance; but that until she heard from Bessie, and could discover by her own observation, that I was endeavouring in good earnest to acquire a more sociable and childlike disposition, a more attractive and sprightly manner—something lighter, franker, more natural, as it were—she really must exclude me from privileges intended only for contented, happy, little children.”</p>

    <p>4. This test passes if the following block of text adjusts line breaks to fit across the viewport, even when viewport or font size changes.</p>

    <p style="margin: 1em; -epub-line-break: strict;">Folds of scarlet drapery shut in my view to the right hand; to the left were the clear panes of glass, protecting, but not separating me from the drear November day. At intervals, while turning over the leaves of my book, I studied the aspect of that winter afternoon. Afar, it offered a pale blank of mist and cloud; near a scene of wet lawn and storm-beat shrub, with ceaseless rain sweeping away wildly before a long and lamentable blast.</p>
  </body>
</html>
