<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta charset="utf-8" />
		<script>
			/**
			 * A simple change that proves that scripting is enabled.
			 * 
			 */ 
			function test() {
			  const div_no_scripting = document.getElementById('no_scripting');
			  div_no_scripting.style.display = 'none';
			  const div_scripting = document.getElementById('scripting');
			  div_scripting.style.display = 'block';
			}
			window.addEventListener('load', test);
		</script>
		<title>rendition:flow set to scrolled-doc when scripting is supported</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<section id="flow-015">
			<h2>Scrolled Flow</h2>
			<div id="no_scripting" style="display: block">
				<p>This reading system does not support scripting. The test is not relevant, and can be marked as "null" in the report.</p>
			</div>
			<div id="scripting" style="display: none">
				<p>
					Tests whether setting the global <code>rendition:flow</code> property to <code>scrolled-continuous</code> results in
					scrollable publication in the case when scripted is supported by the reading system. 
					The test passes if the publication is presented as one continuous scroll from spine item to spine item.
				</p>
				<p>
					<em>
						Note: Some reading systems allow readers to manually change the flow (e.g., from dynamically
							paginated to scrolled). Do <strong>not</strong> use these settings for this test. To pass, the reading system must adapt to the specified flow.
					</em>
				</p>	
			</div>

		</section>
	</body>
</html>
