<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>EPUB CSS Text Emphasis</title>

    <style>
      @font-face {
          font-family: "KentenGeneric";
          src: url(KentenGeneric.otf) format("opentype");
      }

      p.test {
        font-family: "KentenGeneric";
      }
      .emphasis-filled-dot {
        -epub-text-emphasis-style: filled dot;
      }
      .emphasis-filled-circle {
        -epub-text-emphasis-style: filled circle;
      }
      .emphasis-filled-double-circle {
        -epub-text-emphasis-style: filled double-circle;
      }
      .emphasis-filled-double-triangle {
        -epub-text-emphasis-style: filled triangle;
      }
      .emphasis-filled-sesame {
        -epub-text-emphasis-style: filled sesame;
      }
      .emphasis-a {
        -epub-text-emphasis-style: 'a';
      }
      .emphasis-filled-double-circle {
        -epub-text-emphasis-style: filled double-circle;
      }
      .emphasis-open-dot {
        -epub-text-emphasis-style:  open dot;
      }
      .emphasis-filled-triangle {
        -epub-text-emphasis-style: filled triangle;
      }
      .emphasis-filled-dot-blue {
        -epub-text-emphasis-style: filled dot;
        -epub-text-emphasis-color: blue;
      }
      .emphasis-filled-dot-under {
        -epub-text-emphasis-style: filled dot;
        -epub-text-emphasis-position: under;
      }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>-epub-text-emphasis-* Tests</h1>

    <p>Note: For this test, the font settings should be set to the "publisher default" setting, or whatever setting displays the embedded font.</p>

    <p>Instructions: All conditions of this test book must pass for the feature to pass. If any test fails, mark this section as a fail in the implementation report.</p>

    <p>1. This test passes if the emphasis marks appear as solid dots over the text below. If the marks do not appear, all of the following tests fail.</p>

    <p class="test" style="margin: 1em;"><span class="emphasis-filled-dot">In the war of Troy, the Greeks having sacked some of the neighbouring</span></p>

    <p>2. This test passes if the emphasis marks appear as solid circles over the text below.</p>

    <p class="test" style="margin: 1em;"><span class="emphasis-filled-circle">towns, and taken from thence two beautiful captives, Chryseïs and</span></p>

    <p>3. This test passes if the emphasis marks appear as solid double-circles above the text below.</p>

    <p class="test" style="margin: 1em;"><span class="emphasis-filled-double-circle">Briseïs, allotted the first to Agamemnon, and the last to Achilles.</span></p>

    <p>4. This test passes if the emphasis marks appear as solid triangles about the text below.</p>

    <p class="test" style="margin: 1em;"><span class="emphasis-filled-double-triangle">Chryses, the father of Chryseïs, and priest of Apollo, comes to the</span></p>

    <p>5. This test passes if the emphasis marks appear as solid angled rectangles above the text below.</p>

    <p class="test" style="margin: 1em;"><span class="emphasis-filled-sesame">Grecian camp to ransom her; with which the action of the poem opens, in</span></p>

    <p>6. This test passes if the letter "a" appears above the text below.</p>

    <p class="test" style="margin: 1em;"><span class="emphasis-a">the tenth year of the siege. The priest being refused, and insolently</span></p>

    <p>7. This test passes if the emphasis marks appear as hollow dots over the text below.</p>

    <p class="test" style="margin: 1em;"><span class="emphasis-open-dot">dismissed by Agamemnon, entreats for vengeance from his god; who</span></p>

    <p>8. This test passes if the emphasis marks appear as hollow circles over the text below.</p>

    <p class="test" style="margin: 1em;"><span class="emphasis-open-dot">inflicts a pestilence on the Greeks. Achilles calls a council, and</span></p>

    <p>9. This test passes if the emphasis marks appear as hollow double-circles above the text below.</p>

    <p class="test" style="margin: 1em;"><span class="emphasis-filled-double-circle">encourages Chalcas to declare the cause of it; who attributes it to the</span></p>

    <p>10. This test passes if the emphasis marks appear as hollow triangles about the text below.</p>

    <p class="test" style="margin: 1em;"><span class="emphasis-filled-triangle">refusal of Chryseïs. The king, being obliged to send back his captive,</span></p>

    <p>11. This test passes if the emphasis marks appear as hollow angled rectangles above the text below.</p>

    <p class="test" style="margin: 1em;"><span class="emphasis-filled-triangle">enters into a furious contest with Achilles, which Nestor pacifies;</span></p>

    <p>12. This test passes if the emphasis marks appear as blue solid dots above the text below.</p>

    <p class="test" style="margin: 1em;"><span class="emphasis-filled-dot-blue">however, as he had the absolute command of the army, he seizes on</span></p>

    <p>13. This test passes if the emphasis marks appear below the text below.</p>

    <p class="test" style="margin: 1em;"><span class="emphasis-filled-dot-under">Briseïs in revenge. Achilles in discontent withdraws himself and his</span></p>

    <p>14. This test passes if the emphasis marks appear to the left of the text next page.</p>

  </body>
</html>
