<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>EPUB CSS Line Break</title>

    <style>

      p.wrapbox { 
        margin: 0.5em; 
        white-space: normal; 
        vertical-align: top; 
        display: inline-block; 
      }

      p.auto { 
        -epub-line-break: auto; 
      }

      p.loose { 
        -epub-line-break: loose; 
      }

      p.normal { 
        -epub-line-break: normal; 
      }

      p.strict { 
        -epub-line-break: strict; 
      }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>-epub-line-break Tests</h1>

    <p>Instructions: All conditions of this test book must pass for the feature to pass. If any test fails, mark this section as a fail in the implementation report.</p>

    <p>For all of the tests to pass, line breaks should occur <em>before</em> the characters "々" or "ぁ". These characters should not appear at the end of a line.</p>

    <p>1. <code>-epub-line-break: auto;</code>: This test passes if the following block of text breaks to a new line at the end of the viewport, no text is outside of the viewport, and line breaks update when the font size or viewport size changes.</p>

    <p class="wrapbox auto" lang="jp">auto:<br />そこは湖のほとりで木々が輝いていた。<br />その景色に、美しいなぁと思わずつぶやいた。</p>

    <p>2. <code>-epub-line-break: loose;</code>: This test passes if the following block of text breaks to a new line at the end of the viewport, no text is outside of the viewport, and line breaks update when the font size or viewport size changes.</p>

    <p class="wrapbox loose" lang="jp">loose:<br />そこは湖のほとりで木々が輝いていた。<br />その景色に、美しいなぁと思わずつぶやいた。</p>

    <p>3. <code>-epub-line-break: normal;</code>: This test passes if the following block of text breaks to a new line at the end of the viewport, no text is outside of the viewport, and line breaks update when the font size or viewport size changes.</p>

    <p class="wrapbox normal" lang="jp">normal:<br />そこは湖のほとりで木々が輝いていた。<br />その景色に、美しいなぁと思わずつぶやいた。</p>

    <p>4. <code>-epub-line-break: strict;</code>: This test passes if the following block of text breaks to a new line at the end of the viewport, no text is outside of the viewport, and line breaks update when the font size or viewport size changes.</p>

    <p class="wrapbox strict" lang="jp">strict:<br />そこは湖のほとりで木々が輝いていた。<br />その景色に、美しいなぁと思わずつぶやいた。</p>

    <!--Text examples borrowed from the MDN page on CSS line-break, which only applies to CJK characters.-->
    
  </body>
</html>
