<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
        <meta charset="utf-8" />
		<title>Start at MO element referring to content 1.</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="highlights.css" />
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=800, height=1240"/>
		<style>
		html {
			font-size: 62.5%;
		}
		body {
			font-size: 2.5rem;
		}
	</style>
	</head>
	<body> 
    <section id="mobyexcerpt">
        <p>
            <span id="c01w00001">Call</span>
            <span id="c01w00002">me</span>
            <span id="c01w00003">Ishmael.</span>
            <span id="c01s0002">Some years ago—never mind how long precisely—having little or no money in my purse, and nothing particular to interest me on shore, I thought I would sail about a little and see the watery part of the world.</span>
            <span id="c01s0003">It is a way I have of driving off the spleen and regulating the circulation.</span>
            <span id="c01s0004">Whenever I find myself growing grim about the mouth; whenever it is a damp, drizzly November in my soul; whenever I find myself involuntarily pausing before coffin warehouses, and bringing up the rear of every funeral I meet; and especially whenever my hypos get such an upper hand of me, that it requires a strong moral principle to prevent me from deliberately stepping into the street, and methodically knocking people’s hats off—then, I account it high time to get to sea as soon as I can.</span>
            <span id="c01s0005">This is my substitute for pistol and ball.</span>
            <span id="c01s0006">With a philosophical flourish Cato throws himself upon his sword; I quietly take to the ship.</span>
            <span id="c01s0007">There is nothing surprising in this.</span>
            <span id="c01s0008">If they but knew it, almost all men in their degree, some time or other, cherish very nearly the same feelings towards the ocean with me.</span>
        </p>
    </section>
</body>
</html>
