<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>rendition:flow pre-paginated</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>rendition:flow with pre-paginated content</h1>

    <p>This test passes if the following two pages render as fixed layout pages in their own viewport and require pagination.</p>

    <p>“Christmas won’t be Christmas without any presents,” grumbled Jo, lying
    on the rug.</p>

    <p>“It’s so dreadful to be poor!” sighed Meg, looking down at her old
    dress.</p>

    <p>“I don’t think it’s fair for some girls to have plenty of pretty
    things, and other girls nothing at all,” added little Amy, with an
    injured sniff.</p>

    <p>“We’ve got Father and Mother, and each other,” said Beth contentedly
    from her corner.</p>

    <p>The four young faces on which the firelight shone brightened at the
    cheerful words, but darkened again as Jo said sadly, “We haven’t got
    Father, and shall not have him for a long time.” She didn’t say
    “perhaps never,” but each silently added it, thinking of Father far
    away, where the fighting was.</p>

    <p>Nobody spoke for a minute; then Meg said in an altered tone, “You know
    the reason Mother proposed not having any presents this Christmas was
    because it is going to be a hard winter for everyone; and she thinks we
    ought not to spend money for pleasure, when our men are suffering so in
    the army. We can’t do much, but we can make our little sacrifices, and
    ought to do it gladly. But I am afraid I don’t,” and Meg shook her
    head, as she thought regretfully of all the pretty things she wanted.</p>

    <p>“But I don’t think the little we should spend would do any good. We’ve
    each got a dollar, and the army wouldn’t be much helped by our giving
    that. I agree not to expect anything from Mother or you, but I do want
    to buy <em>Undine and Sintran</em> for myself. I’ve wanted it so long,” said
    Jo, who was a bookworm.</p>

    <p>“I planned to spend mine in new music,” said Beth, with a little sigh,
    which no one heard but the hearth brush and kettle-holder.</p>

    <p>“I shall get a nice box of Faber’s drawing pencils; I really need
    them,” said Amy decidedly.</p>

    <p>“Mother didn’t say anything about our money, and she won’t wish us to
    give up everything. Let’s each buy what we want, and have a little fun;
    I’m sure we work hard enough to earn it,” cried Jo, examining the heels
    of her shoes in a gentlemanly manner.</p>

    <p>“I know I do—teaching those tiresome children nearly all day, when I’m
    longing to enjoy myself at home,” began Meg, in the complaining tone
    again.</p>

    <p>“You don’t have half such a hard time as I do,” said Jo. “How would you
    like to be shut up for hours with a nervous, fussy old lady, who keeps
    you trotting, is never satisfied, and worries you till you’re ready to
    fly out the window or cry?”</p>

    <p>“It’s naughty to fret, but I do think washing dishes and keeping things
    tidy is the worst work in the world. It makes me cross, and my hands
    get so stiff, I can’t practice well at all.” And Beth looked at her
    rough hands with a sigh that any one could hear that time.</p>

    <p>“I don’t believe any of you suffer as I do,” cried Amy, “for you don’t
    have to go to school with impertinent girls, who plague you if you
    don’t know your lessons, and laugh at your dresses, and label your
    father if he isn’t rich, and insult you when your nose isn’t nice.”</p>

    <p>“If you mean libel, I’d say so, and not talk about labels, as if Papa
    was a pickle bottle,” advised Jo, laughing.</p>

    <p>“I know what I mean, and you needn’t be statirical about it. It’s
    proper to use good words, and improve your vocabilary,” returned Amy,
    with dignity.</p>

    <p>“Don’t peck at one another, children. Don’t you wish we had the money
    Papa lost when we were little, Jo? Dear me! How happy and good we’d be,
    if we had no worries!” said Meg, who could remember better times.</p>

    <p>“You said the other day you thought we were a deal happier than the
    King children, for they were fighting and fretting all the time, in
    spite of their money.”</p>

    <p>“So I did, Beth. Well, I think we are. For though we do have to work,
    we make fun of ourselves, and are a pretty jolly set, as Jo would say.”</p>

    <p>“Jo does use such slang words!” observed Amy, with a reproving look at
    the long figure stretched on the rug.</p>

    <p>Jo immediately sat up, put her hands in her pockets, and began to
    whistle.</p>
  </body>
</html>
